tell me tell me what look at you you
won't even look at it oh come on tell me
I could use another reason why women
won't look at me alright alright last
night I had a dream that you and I were
doing it on this table Wow
excellent dream score wine oh boy why
would you drink that more importantly
was I any good well you were pretty damn
and good interesting cuz in my dreams
I'm surprisingly inadequate well last
night you seemed to know your way around
the table I love it when we share you
okay there
I can't believe you two had sex in her
dream I'm sorry it was a one-time thing
I was very drunk and it was someone
else's subconscious
hello Rachel
come on you told me about the last dream
no forget it
well why not was I doing something
particularly saucy all right fine
um well you were not the only one there
Joey was there too all right
was there uh anybody anybody else there
you sure nobody handed out mints or
anything no it was just three of us huh
so tell me was it like you and Chandler
and then you and me or you and me and
Jim hey you know what what there were
times when it wasn't even me
that is so sweet you guys
Oh
I'm here you are whoever we were just
wow